Necrophilia in Wars and Battlefields

It is known that at the time of violent death, the victim suffers from spasms of the anal sphincter. Many potential necrophiles have sought to take advantage of this fact by engaging in anal intercourse with dying soldiers on a battle- field. Soldiers during the Russo-t urkish War of 1877–1878 and Moroccan campaigns of 1919–1926 were violated in this way on the battlefield.24,45 The practice has been termed warm necrophilia, although the term is more suit-ably applied elsewhere. (Please see Chapter 3, “Classification.”) The Chinese are known to engage in sexual intercourse with geese and to kill them intentionally at the point of ejaculation for similar reasons.1

During the infamous Nanjing Massacre, often referred to as ἀ e Rape of Nanking, in 1937, Japanese soldiers raped an estimated 80,000 Chinese women. Since the Japanese army had officially outlawed the rape of enemy women, Japanese soldiers found it convenient to murder Chinese women after raping them. In many cases, Chinese men were forced to commit acts of necrophilia (forced necrophilia) on the murdered women.48 At least one Chinese man was murdered because he refused to commit necrophilia with the corpse of a woman in the snow.49

Marilyn Monroe’s Case (1962)

It has been alleged that necrophilia was committed on Marilyn Monroe’s dead body, too, after she died on August 5, 1962.53 ἀ omas Noguchi, who performed Monroe’s autopsy, found 8 mg of chloral hydrate in her blood and 13 mg of pentobarbital (Nembutal) in her liver tissue. On this basis the cause of death was given as suicidal overdose of barbiturates. However Noguchi also noted a fresh bruise spanning Monroe’s lower back and hip which “might have indicated violence,” but this was ignored.53 Deputy Coroner Lionel Grandison signed the death certificate under protest and later resigned his position. In 1978 he disputed the suicide diagnosis, claiming his signature was “forced.” He also described numerous bruises on Monroe’s corpse that were not listed in Noguchi’s report, suggesting a violent struggle prior to death. He claimed that one or more necrophiles employed at the county morgue had violated Monroe’s corpse before it was released for burial.53

Source: Necrophilia: Forensic and Medico-legal Aspect

Full book here: https://oavcrime.com.br/downloads/necrophillia.pdf