Today I brought up video games in class. My teacher is a basic girly girl, but she said she’s a gamer and I didn’t believe her.

So I asked her “Hey Ms. G, since you say you game, can we play together?”

She said “Sure. When you graduate high school.”

Shit. I guess she won’t let me fuck her until I’m legal.

“But, but - I’m in 7th grade,” I plead.

“Welp. Study hard.”

Study hard? Stupid bitch. Doesn’t she know it’s impossible for me to focus in class when I see her fat milkers taunting me behind her cardigan? When she leans over someone’s desk to help and her scrumptious ass cheeks are inches away from my face? What about that one time when she didn’t wear a bra? The hint of her nipples is still engrained in my pubescent mind. I have Cs and Ds in all my subjects because of her stupid sexyness.

“Hmph. What if you’re bluffing? What games do you even play?”

“My favorite is probably, um, Apex Legends.”

Holy shit. That’s my favorite game too. I love playing Bloodhound, landing in overlook, looting for 10 minutes, dying in my first fight, then calling my teammates the funny gamer word that my big brother taught me. I imagine playing duos with my teacher and instantly pop a stiffy. Good thing I’m sitting behind my desk.

"Oh reeeaaally. So tell me then... what's the damage of a Mozambique?"

I don't know how much damage the mozambique does (worst gun in the game lolz) but I want to seem cool by putting her down because I know girls aren't gamers.

“Depends. With or without hammerpoint?”

My cock is throbbing. A girl, and a gamer? And she’s my 7th grade teacher?

Just when every spare red blood cell in my body has flowed into my peener, my teacher says, in her best Lifeline impression: "Now pay attention. Ya might learn a thing or two."

I instantly cum in my Lightning McQueen boxers.

My 7th grade teacher is beyond divine. I can’t help but drop to my knees in worship whenever I see her beautiful figure even though it's behind that unnecessary formal attire. I yearn for her in a way both primal and spiritual. I want to listen to her moans as my manhood throbs within her, I want to hear her heart race as our bodies become one and our souls irreversibly intertwine in the holy sin of carnal union. I want to suckle at her motherly bosom, slurping that rich juche milk from her teat as she gently strokes my raging erection. I would stir her velvety cream into my hot chocolate and let my balls boil in it. Her cries of pleasure and the rocking of our bed would be louder than the cacophony of ten thousand drone strikes. I would make love to her until my body gave out, and then some. I would let her break my rib cage with any part of her body. I would let her hit me with her Honda Prius just to be near her for a brief moment.

I love you, Ms. G. Please be mine. Please. Be my wife, my lover, my mommy, my everything. Just give me a sign. I'll always be waiting in the Apex lobby for you.