Epic Games is known for being pretty scummy.

The game's success and the immense amount of money it makes through micro transactions has given other game producers reason to copy it; it feels like every other game has a battlepass now.

The community is trash. It's alright on here, but the amount of immature children and immature, screaming Youtubers taking advantage of them is just painful.

The game has also lost any identity it once had. It used to be a pretty fun (if overly monetized) BR that wasn't afraid to try weird sh*t, but now it's just some weird BR and MMORPG hybrid that's too busy shilling out to corporations and content creators to even think about balance.

The community has/had created a culture that almost forces you to spend money. I have no idea how the sentiment started, but after a few seasons it became a general consensus that people who didn't spend money on the game were absolute losers. "Default skins" or "no-skins" were literally looked down upon and considered absolute trash at the game because they didn't spend money on it. Then, when Epic Games gave out a free battlepass in an effort to compete with the launch of Apex, that pass' skins were immediately deemed trash, and "the new default skins," and once again anyone who was wearing them was deemed a noob idiot with no skill. This worked perfectly for Epic Games because it reached a point where anyone who didn't want to spend money on the game felt literally pressured to by the community and its content creators. It was one of the big reasons I started spending money on the game and getting skins back as a dumbass kid, and while I spent nowhere near as much as some I still spent a lot. I had fun with the game for a good two years, but the toxic notion that buying skins would make you good at the game or accepted by its community is just awful. It took me awhile to realize that the money I was spending on skins could be spent on actual, good games, and when I did I realized how much money I had wasted on Epic. For instance, Stardew Valley, a $15 game that I have put over 200 hours into, costs the same as a single epic skin. I wasn't the only one either. Lots of people my age fell victim to this toxic ideology perpetuated by the community, its content creators, and eventually even each other as we became so immersed in it. It was practically an addiction, and it was one that should never have existed.